{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # NETFLIX STOCK PROFILE\
## DATA VISUALISATION PROJECT\
### INTRODUCTION\
\
Netflix is a subscription-based streaming service that allows members to watch TV shows, movies, documentaries, and more on an internet-connected device. Netflix is a publicly listed company, which began trading on the Nasdaq in May 2002. Netflix was the best-performing stock in the S&P 500 from 2010 through 2019.\
\
### SCOPE\
#### GOALS\
- Analyse, prepare, and visualise Netflix stock data to help financial analysts assess the risk of Netflix stock.\
\
- Use the Dow Jones Industrial Average to compare the Netflix stock to the larger stock market.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Provide clear and easy to read data visualisations for financial analysts to analyse Netflix stock risk.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
#### ACTIONS\
\
- Should one invest into Netflix stock?\
\
#### DATA\
- The data used for this project is for the year 2017.\
\
#### ANALYSIS\
- Distribution of  stock prices for the year 2017;\
\
- Netflix's earnings and revenue for the four quarters of 2017;\
\
- The actual vs. estimated earnings per share for the four quarters in 2017;\
\
- A comparison of the Netflix Stock price vs the Dow Jones Industrial Average price in 2017.\
\
### DISCUSSION AND EVALUATION\
\
- Figure 1.1 shows a series of violin plots representing the distribution of Netflix stock price throughout each quarter in 2017. The lowest price for 2017 was in Q1 with 127.49USD, and the maximum price was in Q4 with 202.68USD. The yearly interquartile range is 41.35USD. Each quarter, the stock price average is higher than the previous quarter. The largest spread of stock prices is seen in Q3, potentially indicating the most volatile period for Netflix.\
\
- Figure 2.1 shows a graph of estimated and actual earnings per share (EPS) in cents for each quarter of 2017. For Q1, the actual EPS was 0.03 cents higher than estimated, in Q2 and Q4 the actual and estimated values were the same, while in Q3, the actual EPS was 0.03 cents lower than estimated.\
\
- Figure 3.1 shows side-by-side bar charts of Netflix revenue and earnings from 2Q2017 to 1Q2018. Both earnings and revenue are seen to follow an upward trend. For each quarter, the earnings make up between 2-8% of the revenue and this percentage increases with each quarter.\
\
- Figure 4.1 shows side-by-side line graphs of Netflix monthly stock price compared to the Dow Jones Industrial Average stock price for the year of 2017. Whilst both follow an upward trend, the Netflix stock price is clearly more volatile than the industry average, especially during months 5-6, 7-8 and 10-12. The average Netflix stock price is also much lower than Dow Jones Industrial Average stock price.\
\
### CONCLUSIONS\
\
- From 1Q2017 to 4Q2017, Netflix average stock price per quarter increases steadily. Q3 saw a slightly more volatile period, given a greater spread of stock values per quarter.\
\
- Actual earning per share (EPS) performed the same or better than expected for Q1, Q2, and Q4, while in Q3, the actual EPS was 0.03 cents lower than estimated.\
\
- From 2Q2017 to 1Q2018, Netflix saw a steady growth in profit margin from 2.35% to 7.84%.\
\
- Netflix stock did well compared to Dow Jones Industrial Average in 2017, albeit being slightly more volatile.}